This is a program that will allow people who use the public community garden at Moreno Valley College to create an organized schedule for them to use and know who is accessing the garden. It will also help keep track of who donates what to the garden. The program will first prompt the user to register by inputting general and contact information. The program will collect the user’s name, date of birth, phone number, and email. This information will be stored and connected to the rest of the information the user inputs. The program will ask the user to select a day of the week that they would like to visit the garden and then will display the hours that the garden is open on that particular day and ask the user to enter the time that they will visit. The program will then display a menu asking the user if they would like to make a donation in the form of money, soil, fertilizer, voluntary labor, gardening tools, or other gardening materials, or no donation. The program will then display a recap to the user showing their name, date of birth, phone number, email, appointment date and time, and donation selection. The program will also output this information in a text file. The targeted user for this program is people who visit the public community garden at Moreno Valley College. This program will be user-friendly and will allow for easy selection of options. One weakness is that this program will allow for limited input and will not have options for the user to enter information that is not asked for. 
